Replace redirections in the reference section (#23014)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication.md

In this regard, _Kubernetes does not have objects which represent normal user
accounts._ Normal users cannot be added to a cluster through an API call.

Even though normal user cannot be added via an API call, but any user that
presents a valid certificate signed by the cluster’s certificate authority
(CA) is considered authenticated. In this configuration, Kubernetes determines
the username from the common name field in the ‘subject’ of the cert (e.g.,
“/CN=bob”). From there, the role based access control (RBAC) sub-system would
determine whether the user is authorized to perform a specific operation on a

> resource. You can refer to [creating user certificate
> request](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/certificate-signing-requests/#user-csr)

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
resource. For more details, refer to the normal users topic in [Certificate 
request](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/certificate-signing-requests/#normal-user).
```

* `--authentication-token-webhook-config-file` a configuration file describing how to access the remote webhook service.
* `--authentication-token-webhook-cache-ttl` how long to cache authentication decisions. Defaults to two minutes.

> The configuration file uses the [kubeconfig](/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters/)

Reviewer 2: Does this page represent the kubeconfig concept:
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/

Author: Yes, this looks better. I was using `/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters/` because that is where the redirections will lead you to today.
